[CDS-103127] Feature: Cross Scope Environment Groups (#9016)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/environments/create-environment-groups.md

    - dev_1679347042451
```

## Cross Scope Environment Groups

> You can also add environments created at the Project and Organization levels to the environment groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add environments created at the Project and Organization levels to an environment group.
```
